Randy from bass pros and we're going to
go over how to use some buzz dates the
color I prefer black red brown but
whatever you want to use with that view
yeah looks pretty much the same um what
we're going to go over today is
basically how to just how to have a good
real a good flow I guess you could say
the first thing you want to do is when
you cast it when you cast it as soon as
it hits the water you want to start
reeling right away that's usually when
they hit you got prepared right now
watch excuse the hit the water use upon
it keep it going keep a nice steady
stream going faster slow that's up to
you sometimes the fish like it slow
sometimes they like it fast going over
kappa louise has don't worry if you get
snagged up it's not too hard to get out
of it okay
Bud's makes you pretty much the most
effective vet largemouth fishing bait
that I've ever used especially in water
like this of course you'll get your feed
wheat here and there you want to keep
your your bait clean that's important
whether you tinkle bladed double bladed
or our double fudge date that's up to
you I prefer this one right here a lot
of times you want to try to find out
what what the depth of water is I guess
it doesn't really matter like when
you're in the pond like this I've caught
him in 10 foot of water I prod them in
two foot of water I mean it doesn't
really matter
there's various different ways of
catching bass but budgeting pretty much
Tyler most popular I'll show you mine
give it up close here I got the black
and gold with the gold speckles on it I
got a little bit of red in there usually
does pretty good for me they come in all
different sizes sizes user preference I
like them a little bit small Ricky uses
a pretty small heads of tiny actually he
still gets some pretty big fish with
them I mean they won't they all work
pretty good besides is this up to you
just do a couple more
so what's when you cast it you don't
want to delay it as soon as we hit the
water you want to go it's official
you'll pull the fifth off if you delay
all right I should do it you guys have
any questions just ask us in our
comments and we'll be glad to help